Link to security lab website instead of semmle blog (#17)
github/security-lab: CodeQL_Queries/cpp/Facebook_Fizz_CVE-2019-3560/README.md

Use [this snapshot](https://downloads.lgtm.com/snapshots/cpp/facebook/fizz/facebookincubator_fizz_cpp-srcVersion_c69ad1baf3f04620393ebadc3eedd130b74f4023-dist_odasa-lgtm-2019-01-13-f9dca2a-universal.zip) for the demo.

> [Fizz](https://github.com/facebookincubator/fizz) contained a remotely triggerable infinite loop. For more details about the bug, see this [blog post](https://securitylab.github.com/research/facebook-fizz-CVE-2019-3560). A proof-of-concept exploit is available [here](https://github.com/github/security-lab/tree/master/SecurityExploits/Facebook/Fizz/CVE-2019-3560).

Reviewer: The original SecurityExploits link included the revision id to make it a permalink, but here it has been replaced with a link to the master branch. Please could you either keep the permalink or use a relative path, so that the link doesn't break?

> [Fizz](https://github.com/facebookincubator/fizz) contained a remotely triggerable infinite loop. For more details about the bug, see this [blog post](https://securitylab.github.com/research/facebook-fizz-CVE-2019-3560). A proof-of-concept exploit is available [here](https://github.com/github/security-lab/tree/master/SecurityExploits/Facebook/Fizz/CVE-2019-3560).

Author: ```suggestion
[Fizz](https://github.com/facebookincubator/fizz) contained a remotely triggerable infinite loop. For more details about the bug, see this [blog post](https://securitylab.github.com/research/facebook-fizz-CVE-2019-3560). A proof-of-concept exploit is available [here](https://github.com/github/security-lab/tree/95c0bcc670f3b3d98a4d578f8993f8138092b94f/SecurityExploits/Facebook/Fizz/CVE-2019-3560).
```

> [Fizz](https://github.com/facebookincubator/fizz) contained a remotely triggerable infinite loop. For more details about the bug, see this [blog post](https://securitylab.github.com/research/facebook-fizz-CVE-2019-3560). A proof-of-concept exploit is available [here](https://github.com/Semmle/SecurityExploits/tree/446048470633bf0f8da9570d008d056dbaa28ea9/Facebook/Fizz/CVE-2019-3560).

Author: ```suggestion
[Fizz](https://github.com/facebookincubator/fizz) contained a remotely triggerable infinite loop. For more details about the bug, see this [blog post](https://securitylab.github.com/research/facebook-fizz-CVE-2019-3560). A proof-of-concept exploit is available [here](https://github.com/github/security-lab/tree/master/SecurityExploits/Facebook/Fizz/CVE-2019-3560).
```
